Assignment 1 - Java Basics

In this repository, you will find a series of exercises in the app/src/main directory designed to help you practice the Java basics learned during the first lesson. Each exercise is called a Quest and has a corresponding test class to help you verify your solution.
Workflow for the assignment

    Clone this repository to your local machine.

    Open the project in VS Code.

    Run the project as it is, just to make sure it works. The program should output something like Main does nothing.

    You can also run the tests now. Obviously, if you haven't finished quests, tests will fail now and you will see a lot of errors.

    Follow the instructions below for each Quest# to complete the assignment.

    You can any time run the tests to see if your answer code is correct.

Quest 1

Modify the code, i.e. method multiply(Integer a, Integer b) by following the instructions:

    Multiply the method parameters, i.e. variables a and b.

    Multiply the product by two.

    Add one to the new product.

    Print the final product to the console.

Quest 2

Modify the code in method checkNum(Integer num) to:

    Print out to console string pos, if the parameter value is positive.

    Print out to console string neg, if the parameter value is negative.

    Print out to console string zero, if the parameter equals zero.

Quest 3

Modify the method greet(Integer visitors) to greet all visitors by printing out to console the string Hello n! for each of them, where n is the number of the visitor, starting from 1.
Quest 4

Modify the method oddOut(Short limit) to print out all even numbers above zero until the function parameter limit. The numbers are separated by comma and printed without new line.

Example output, when limit is 9: 2,4,6,8.
Quest 5

Create a method factorial(Integer num) that calculates the factorial of the parameter num, where the value of num must be between 1 and 20. Print out the result to the console.

If the value of num is less than 1 or larger than 20, the function prints out string not allowed.

Example output when num is 5: 120

Example output when num is 0: not allowed

Note: The method should be public and the return type should be void.
Quest 6

Ok, let's next have a bit more complex quest. Fibonacci sequence is a well-known sequence of numbers with very interesting properties.

In the sequence, each number is the sum of two preceding numbers, starting from 0 and 1. So, 1st element is 0, 2nd element is 1, 3rd element is 0+1=1, 4th element is 1+1=2, 5th element is 1+2=3, 6th element is 2+3=5 and so on, resulting 0,1,1,2,3,5,8,13,21,34,...

Your quest is to write the algorithm for Fibonacci sequence and find the nth element in the sequence. Note that with computers, typically the first element has index 0.

Some ideas for this quest:

    Typically in implementations the first two sequence numbers (0 and 1) are predefined, so the 3rd element can be calculated easily.

    Maybe a set of variables would work to store the values in the sequence?

    Maybe do-while loop could be useful?

    In fact, you will need your algorithm implementation in later exercises.
